Come and stop by: Use the images in the gallery folder for the box on the map. We cannot give you our Google Map API key, please use your own for this project. The page won't go public anyway and the traffic will be only you and the reviewer. Please note that there are three pins to add. The images show them in two different colors. The black color shows the pins in the normal status. When the pins are clicked, they become orange and a lightbox shows up. The lightbox must show the Gym name as title and the address under the title like in the example in the mockup. The images in the box must be clickable. When clicked they open in an image gallery.

Subscribe to our newsletter: Please make it full width. Please implement a form. The type of form is entirely up to you, whether it be Gravity forms, Contact form 7, an HTML form, a MailChimp form, or similar. There is no requirement for the form to respond with any actual emails. Create a SINGLE $20 coupon in WooCommerce that is restricted to a single use per user. When a user subscribes to the newsletter, the thank you message will also communicate the coupon code. Please include validation to check if the user has entered an email address, and include an error message when necessary.

All links and buttons must have a hover state. Since we don't have a design for it, please implement it in a way that fits the existing design.

The page must be mobile ready. Since we are not providing a design for it feel free to implement the mobile version in your own way.
